[ACM-8821]: Adding bare metal doc about adding node pools (#5926)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/scaling_nodepool_hosted.adoc

clusteroperator.config.openshift.io/operator-lifecycle-manager-packageserver   4.12z    True        False         False      40m     
clusteroperator.config.openshift.io/service-ca                                 4.12z    True        False         False      11m     
clusteroperator.config.openshift.io/storage                                    4.12z    True        False         False      11m 
----

[#adding-nodepool-bm]
== Adding node pools

> You can create node pools for a hosted cluster by specifying a name, number of replicas, and any additional information, such as memory and CPU requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create node pools for a hosted cluster by specifying a name, number of replicas, and any additional information, such as an agent label selector.
```

> . To create a node pool, enter the following information. In this example, the node pool has more CPUs assigned to the VMs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create a node pool, enter the following information. In this example, the node pool will use agents with the label "size=medium":
```

Author: @avishayt In the code, it looks like the label is `{"size": "medium"}`. Should I use that exact wording on line 142 as well?

Reviewer: Yes, the best way would be like in the Kubernetes docs:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/

So `"size" : "medium"`

+
----
export NODEPOOL_NAME=${CLUSTER_NAME}-extra-cpu
export WORKER_COUNT="2"

> hcp create nodepool agent \
>   --cluster-name $CLUSTER_NAME \
>   --name $NODEPOOL_NAME \
>   --node-count $WORKER_COUNT \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hcp create nodepool agent \
  --cluster-name $CLUSTER_NAME \
  --name $NODEPOOL_NAME \
  --node-count $WORKER_COUNT \
  --agentLabelSelector '{"matchLabels": {"size": "medium"}}'
```
